this portion of our CES coverage is
brought to you by LastPass check out the
link in the video description to learn
more and start securing your passwords
today this my friends is the new world's
thinnest laptop the Acer swift 7 and I
would forgive you for not being able to
tell the difference between this one and
the old Swift 7 based on the name but
don't worry you guys they've got the
model number SF 7 1 4-5 1 T that's how
you can tell the difference now I don't
condone calling products the same thing
year after year but I'm also not sure if
Acer has the right solution either way
the name is not what counts it's all
about the hardware so let's have a look
at what they've managed to cram in here
first up we've got a 7th gen core i7
this time last time it was just a Core
i5
so now we've got a Core i7 7 y7 v CPU at
a base of 1.3 you can actually see it's
turbo into 3.3 gigahertz right now it's
got 8 gigs of memory it's got 256 gigs
of storage and it is just eight point
nine eight millimeters thick making it
just also 1.15 kilograms so this is
among the lightest laptops we have ever
seen as well improvements over the last
generation in addition to the CPU also
include a touch screen display now if
you're into that sort of thing probably
the most shocking thing about this guy
is the keyboard it has an amazing amount
of travel for something that is built
into something so thin so I think the
only solution is to take it apart and
find out exactly how they did that now
one thing you are sacrifice is backlit
to look at that one thing you are
sacrificing is that the trackpad is no
longer clickable so you're gonna need to
do a touch for left and a double touch
like that for right but I think if
you're the kind of person who is really
into super thin laptops you can probably
make do with that overall I was also
impressed by the sturdiness so this is
an aluminium unibody design and
is completely fanless so how'd they do
it well
I took the liberty of pre removing and
loosening most of the screws so I could
open this baby up for you yeah this is
why this is when I have the most fun at
these shows popped the easiest way to do
it I already tried this once was to kind
of kind of give it a little bend well
now it's off yeah okay so how'd they do
it so about a third of the laptop maybe
about 25% of it is taken up by this
thirty-six watt hour battery right here
it looks like that is actually two
separate batteries or two separate cells
it's kind of hard to tell I'm not going
to get too much into the details here
here's the fanless cooler so that
actually got two heat pipes running from
it look so it looks like the heat is
gonna be dissipated through the keyboard
it's not something I noticed while I was
playing around with it so it clearly
doesn't heat up too much but there's
your CPU right there and it's basically
just using like copper sheeting as a
heatsink really impressive stuff our
storage drive is up here so this is
actually a 512 gig drive but they are
planning to ship this with a 256 and
then Ram is not upgradable like the SSD
Ram is actually soldered right onto the
motherboard it's not 100% clear where it
is I'm not actually able to comment on
that
the last thing though that I did want to
cover is that considering the thinness
of this thing io is not bad you got a
power button over here you've got two
USB type C's and would you look at that
a headphone jack huh so it turns out
they can put those things on you know
super thin computers so pricing is going
to be 1699 us and availability is I
don't know sometime in like the next
little bit I actually didn't ask but
there you have it
so big thank you to LastPass for
sponsoring this video LastPass has been
a lifesaver for us for we've been using
it for well over a year now company-wide
and there's all kinds of things that's
great for it's great for throw away
sites where you sign up for an account
because you like need to read that forum
reply or you need to submit a warranty
replacement and you know for a fact you
are never gonna remember that password
so your options are either to do a
password reset every time which doesn't
work if you're say on a plane and you
don't have an internet connection or
whatever else or you have to reuse a
password which is literally rule number
one the first thing they tell you not to
do when you're trying to be secure
online reusing passwords is bad or with
LastPass you just have to remember one
password and you can go in and it'll
just Auto populate whether it's in a
browser or on Android phones at least
it'll actually even do it within apps so
you get a new phone or whatever else you
want to log into everything you just log
into LastPass you fire up the app it'll
go hey we detected that we can autofill
this for you bippity Boppity two-factor
and you're in you've got them linked in
the video description but we've been
really happy with the enterprise service
that we've had so thanks for watching
guys if you just like this video then
you can hit that button but if you liked
it hit that like button get subscribed
or maybe consider checking out I don't
know subscribe check out our other CES
2018 content it's gonna be awesome is
that PCB even like thinner than usual
like the keyboard just goes right
through this is it that's the keyboard